SimuCUBE based Force feedback system (FFB) pose high mechanical danger that may cause serious injuries to living beings, cause damage to external property or loss of profits. Always operate SimuCUBE based system with maximal caution.
Beware of very high sudden torques or vibrations produced by motor attached to SimuCUBE - these are expected even in normal operating conditions
Be aware that malfunction of misconfiguration may cause uncontrolled or higher than normal motor rotation or torques
End-user's responsibility is to ensure that motor, or items connected to the motor can not cause damage due to rotation, torque or vibration
Always be ready to let go from the motor or parts connected to it (i.e. take hands off the simulator wheel)
Make sure that a reliable stopping method is available and user reachable at all times (reliable method: unplugging AC power). Note that unplugging power might not stop motor immediately.
Do not try to stop spinning motor by hands or other mechanical means
Note that wheel, cables or other items attached to motor may hit objects or living beings and may have damaging effects. User's responsibility is to control this danger and take responsibility of the possible consequences caused by moving items.
Ensure that motor has been rigidly fixed to avoid it getting loose under extreme vibrations
Understand that the responsibilities of the manufacturer of the SimuCUBE are limited to fulfilling the technical specifications and functions of the device. The technical function includes production of high torques and speeds on a large motor. Understand that spinning motor or high torques produced by it are considered operation within specifications, so potential damages caused by such operation are not within liabilities of the manufacturer.
Commonly used motors may exceed torque of 30 Newton meters and rotation speed of 1000 rpm when attached to SimuCUBE
Due to high electric currents, motor, cables or IONI drive may get dangerously hot (skin burns, fire hazard)
For your own safety, do not operate SimuCUBE if you don't understand these dangers
